Add more context in the VEE Port selection page (#698)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/selectVeePort.rst

When your VEE Port is published in an artifact repository, 
you can define the VEE Port by declaring a module dependency in the ``build.gradle.kts`` file, with the ``microejVeePort`` configuration:

   .. code:: java

      dependencies {
         microejVeePort("com.mycompany:myveeport:1.0.0")
      }
   
   .. note::

      For dependencies stored in an Ivy repository, Gradle fetches them with the configuration ``default``.
      If several artifacts are published with this configuration, the build will fail because it doesn't know which artifact to choose.
      You can select the right artifact by adding information on the one to fetch in the ``artifact`` block, for example::

         microejVeePort("com.mycompany:myveeport:1.0.0") {
            artifact {
               name = "artifact-name"
               type = "zip"
            }
         }

      This will select the artifact with the name ``artifact-name`` and with the type ``zip``.
      
      Refer to `the Gradle documentation <https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.artifacts.dsl.DependencyHandler.html>`__ 
      to learn all the options to select dependencies.

**By a Local VEE Port Directory**

> When your VEE Port has been built locally and is therfore available in a local directory, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your VEE Port has been built locally and is therefore available in a local directory, 
```

Building or running an Application or a Test Suite with the SDK requires a VEE Port.

There are 4 different ways to provide a VEE Port in the build file of the project. 

> At least one of these is required to build an Application with a VEE Port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At least one of the following options is required to build an Application:
```

Author: I simplified a bit more, let me know what you think.

Reviewer 2: 👍

> **By a Module Dependency**

Reviewer 2: I would make a subsection for each of the 4 options. This allow to copy/paste the link to the section in the browser (useful for sharing links to the customer for example).
I would also rename the title of the subsections because I don't feel that "by a Module Dependency" is very clear or maybe it feels a bit "french". What about "By Using a Module Dependency" or "Using a Module Dependency"?

Author: Good point for the links to the section, but we need to re-organize a bit because there others sections at the end of the page, it could be confusing. We could add a first chapter at the beginning:
```
Main title: Select a VEE Port
- Select one VEE Port
  - Using a Module Dependency
  - Using a Local VEE Port Directory
  - Using a Local VEE Port Archive
  - Using the Dropins Folder
- Select multiple VEE Ports
- VEE Port unique name
```
WDYT?

Reviewer 2: looks good to me!

When your VEE Port is published in an artifact repository, 
you can define the VEE Port by declaring a module dependency in the ``build.gradle.kts`` file, with the ``microejVeePort`` configuration:

   .. code:: java

      dependencies {
         microejVeePort("com.mycompany:myveeport:1.0.0")
      }
   
   .. note::

      For dependencies stored in an Ivy repository, Gradle fetches them with the configuration ``default``.
      If several artifacts are published with this configuration, the build will fail because it doesn't know which artifact to choose.
      You can select the right artifact by adding information on the one to fetch in the ``artifact`` block, for example::

         microejVeePort("com.mycompany:myveeport:1.0.0") {
            artifact {
               name = "artifact-name"
               type = "zip"
            }
         }

      This will select the artifact with the name ``artifact-name`` and with the type ``zip``.
      
      Refer to `the Gradle documentation <https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.artifacts.dsl.DependencyHandler.html>`__ 
      to learn all the options to select dependencies.

**By a Local VEE Port Directory**

> When your VEE Port has been built locally and is therefore available in a local directory, 
> you can use it by setting the ``veePortDirs`` property in the ``microej`` configuration block of the ``build.gradle.kts`` file 
> to the path of the ``source`` folder of a VEE Port::

Reviewer 2: Too long, i would split for ease of reading.
```suggestion
When your VEE Port has been built locally and is therefore available in a local directory, 
you can use it by setting the ``veePortDirs`` property in the ``microej`` configuration block of the ``build.gradle.kts`` file. 
Specify the path to the ``source`` folder of the VEE Port::
```

Author: Done.

   microej {

>      veePortDirs = listOf("C:\\path\\to\\my\\veePort\\directory")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     veePortDirs = listOf("C:\\path\\to\\my\\veePort\\source")
```
just to make it clear?

Author: Done. But not sure it is sufficient to make it clear.

   the OS path	must use the UNIX path convention (path separator is ``/``). 
   The Windows paths must have been converted manually replacing ``\`` by ``/`` or by ``\\``.

**By a Local VEE Port Archive**

> When your VEE Port is available locally as an archive,
> you can use it by setting the ``veePortFiles`` property in the ``microej`` configuration block of the ``build.gradle.kts`` file 
> to the path of a VEE Port file (``.zip`` or ``.vde``)::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When your VEE Port is available locally as an archive,
you can use it by setting the ``veePortFiles`` property in the ``microej`` configuration block of the ``build.gradle.kts`` file. 
Specify the path to a VEE Port file (``.zip`` or ``.vde``)::
```

Author: Done.

   microej {
     veePortFiles = listOf("C:\\path\\to\\my\\veePort\\file.zip")
   }

> .. note::

Reviewer 3: just a note or a warning? Do we have a clear policy on this kind of block?

Author: No clear policy. A note looks good enough for me.
Actually I would prefer to remove this note from here and replace it in a dedicated page or in the migration page, and also add a clear message in the logs when trying to use a JPF.
But that's not the purpose of this change.

Reviewer 3: LGTM if no one else agrees with me. Note is also ok

   The legacy ``JPF`` format of a VEE Port is not supported anymore in the SDK 6. 
   If you want to use a VEE Port ``.jpf`` file, you have to use :ref:`the SDK 5 <sdk_user_guide>`.

The ``veePortFiles`` property is defined as a list in order to provide multiple VEE Port files if it is needed.
See the :ref:`Select multiple VEE Ports <sdk_6_select_multiple_vee_ports>` section for more information.

> **By the Dropins folder**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**By the Dropins Folder**
```

Author: Done.
